So Let's talk about the basic knowledge ...
So what the first thing you gonna do after entering into this field??
Some say start studing how internet and all other stuff works,But in my point of view it is completely waste
You can ASK ME HOW??
When i entered into this field I just learned what are the attacks from the youtube and internet but, that attacks took me to this level. If I started it from the basics
like other say ,I would have been f'cked up !!!Because if You start from the basics You would had been ended in failure....
Because interest matters everyone is willing to be a hacker but they don't know where to start and stop.In mycase i can say that just learn the attacks first
then automatically you can understand every stuff like me LOL !!!
eg:-I learned about deep and dark web which tooks me into the onion and other stuffs from where i get the knowledge about what is TOR !!!
So like each stuff is interconnected with each stuff in Technology.... 
Like the same start studing attacks first like :-
What is DOS AND DDOS
KEYLOGGERS
MITM(MAN IN THE MIDDLE ATTACK)
etc etc ....
which can give a lot of knowledge regarding cyberattacks and basic stuffs ...

You can Think How by studing attacks we can become a hacker??
But the reality is Yes because let's say you are reading blogs regarding cyberattacks ,They will be taking about a lot of attacks !!!
But once you finished the attacks section you can get an idea of these attacks works and how we can bring an solution to it !!!


So after studing these attacks Next Step:-
Is to get knowledge about programming languages.....
To get details about this part you can check this same repository where i have made a section.

Commom Crowd:-
When You see a person who is studing for ethical hacking that means he is really studing hacking ???
>> No,Hacking is not a subject to learn !!! it's an skill buddy don't be misinformed by watching youtube videos 
Hacking is a very large domain where cybersecurity is a subdomain of hacking
Many of we are just studing web application pentesting and saying we are a Cybersecurity analyst but it's totally wrong !!!
Cybersecurity analyst is a guy who knows each and everytuffs from the cloud LOL to the deep of Computers
So don't be misguided about this thing.....

OS(Operating System) for hacking??
>>Well this is a common question nowadays,people are literally confusing what OS(Operating System) is used for hacking and pentesting well some say Kali,some say
Parrot but the real thing is that you can do pentesing even in your windows OS also !!! these operating systems are just a library of tools where you can find lots of 
tools for pentesting but that tools are even outside of that OS!! They are publically availabe in Internet

Which OS do i use??
I literally use Kali and parrot even sometimes arch and windows for my purposes but it's your wish which you gonna prefer....



Certifications ??
No but yes >><<
How??
certification dosen't matter if you have skills 
But certification can give you an upperhand for jobs !!!

What are the certifications required for jobs??
In INDIA most of the company hires CEH(Certified Ethical Hacker),because it contains the theoritical part of what is cybersecurity
but for abroad in my opinion You should get OSCP(Offensive Security Certified Professional) along with CEH certification


