So Let's start with programming first....
What are the Programming skills and languages you should know ???
So Every Programming language has it's own purpose you can't study all of them but u can !!!
Even Me too afraid of the same stuff but once I understood the very basic concept of programming I have hardly finished 10-12 languages within a Month ....
Programming Languages Purpose's:-
The First Thing I start with is Python...
Python:-
It can use useful for creating your own tools even u can see my tools in my github repo's which are built using Python.Python has became a large language due to 
it's simplicity and other modules.
What we can do with Python:-
Tools Creation
Automation
Exploit Development
etc etc

C & C++:-
The Main purpose of these languages comes under the exploit development and Malware Analysis section of CyberSecurity !!!
Malware Analysis it's not for beginners coz its complicated too !!
You Can Study how the exploits are working , How we can create exploits using C and C++
But we also create it in python ???U can ask me...
The bitter truth is YES u can create it but most of the exploits are written in C,C++ and Ruby.So I think so U have understood it well !!!

GO:-
The Main Purpose of these languages is to create viruses and malwares.
If You masterd go languages you can do a lot of stuff in these field.

RUBY:-
For exploit development .

BASH SCRIPTING:-
For writing our own scripts and it is a scripting Language.

ASSEMBLY:-
For Reverse Engineering , Kernal exploitation and malware analysis.

Debugging :- This is a part where you actually required a lot of knowledge on C !!!Debugging is the process for identifying bugs at kernal level and even deeper.
coz it's useful for reverse engineering and malware analysis
You can start debugging by creating simple C programs and there by reversing it and can see how each step and function works
BEST DEBUGGER FOR MY CASE:- gdb 
Still there are a lot of debugging tools available which You can explore it 



WEB APPLICATION SECTION:-
This is the section where we most of them get started in our cybersec Carrier coz it looks simple and easy(don't be misinformed by watching Youtube Videos)!!!
It's not like that if you learned sql injection or xss attack , you took a payload from the internet and started testing on websites it's totally Wrong
First U should understand how webpages and internet Works !!! 
After That u have to study the Programming Languages for the attacks .... It's not mandatory but if you know the programming languages i can asure that no payload
is required for the attacks,while u can do it manually because you know that where the flaw may be originated by programming languages LOL !!!
BE STRONG AT OWASP TOP 10 !!! It is the main heart of web application pentesting ... 
Studing OWASP Top 10 deeply can make you a good web application pentester but not fully !!! COS web application pentesting is like an OCEAN where we just explore 2-3% 
of the entire sea..
You can ask me how??? but that's the reality no one can teach You fully anything even your teachers on a particular thing 
SOME extra thoughts:-Many of them are just watching a Youtube video on sql injection and directly they ran to test websites for sql injection vulnerabilty ...
But the Bitter truth is that the complete study of sql injection takes 6 years guys !!! This is not espicially for sql injectiom but for all vulnerabilites 
The Youtubers just shows the top of any vulnerabilties but when You learn deeper it can take you to several years for the completion !!!
XSS aka cross site scripting can take upto 4-5 years approx
So don't be misguided by just watching Youtube ..
OOPS SORRY !!! i forgot to tell the programming languages ...
For Common Vulnerabilities in WebApplication Pentesting  
1)PHP - PHP injection
2)HTML - HTML injection
3)sqli - sql injection 
4)Javascript - xss,csrf, etc etc
5)json - jsom injectiom
Still a lot of stuffs are present but these stuffs mainly comes under injection section of OWASP top 10 except xss....


SO THAT'S ALL FOR THESE SECTION !!!
Thanks for reading !!!




